ARCADIA WEATHER / HTML DESIGN PREVIEW

OPEN
Double-click Arcadia-preview.html. It includes all images, styles, and
interactions and works offline. Refresh the file if it is already open.

EDIT
index.html         Structure, labels, and dialogs.
styles.css         Theme tokens, spacing, typography, and responsive layout.
app.js             Sample conditions and interactions.
assets/day1-5.jpg   Scene images from the existing Windows app.

Open index.html when editing. Rebuild the portable HTML after changes:
  .\ui-draft\build-preview.ps1
Run this from the project root, or use .\build-preview.ps1 in this folder.

DESIGN
One scene preview, a compact weather line, five small scene choices,
and essential playback controls. Settings open in a dialog. Coordinates,
scene timing, volume, and sample weather are available on demand.

TRY
- Choose a scene to hold it. Turn Automatic on to follow sample weather.
- Click the weather or Sample data to try another weather scenario.
- The sample dialog stays open so conditions can be compared. Its Resume
  Automatic control releases a manually held scene.
- Cloudy nights keep Day 3; rain, drizzle, showers and thunderstorms select
  Day 5 at any hour. Drizzle demonstrates a wet code with 0 mm measured rain.
- Use the moon/sun icon to switch between light and dark themes.
- Open settings with the sliders icon or the location name.
- Search for Bangkok, a Bangkok district, Chiang Mai or Portland. Choose a
  result before saving, or enter coordinates and a timezone directly.
- Use my location simulates Windows autofill. Closing Settings cancels a
  pending lookup. Actual GPS availability and accuracy depend on the device.
- Named sample places have illustrative sunrise/sunset fixtures. Custom
  coordinates use clearly labeled 06:00/18:00 placeholders, not solar estimates.
- Save applies changes only for this session. Closing Settings without saving
  discards edits. Advanced timing offsets affect the automatic scene choice.
- Pause stops the gentle image motion. Sound opens a volume popover.
- Raising the volume unmutes the simulated sound; zero volume mutes it.
- Tab reaches all controls. Left/Right and Home/End move focus among scenes;
  Enter/Space selects. Search results support Up/Down. Escape dismisses search
  results, sound controls or the active dialog. Focus indicators stay visible.
- Reduced-motion preferences disable drift, crossfades and dialog animation.

SCOPE
This is an interface prototype using sample weather and location data.
No network, GPS, audio/video playback, or desktop access occurs.
The image preview uses stills with a gentle pan and scene crossfades.
Reloading resets the draft. No Windows app files or settings are changed.
The five-minute refresh is simulated locally; it does not call Open-Meteo.
The standalone file embeds all five images, CSS and JavaScript. No fonts,
packages, server or internet connection are required.

DESIGN HANDOFF
Navbar remains exactly #36bbd9 in both themes, at full window width.
The wordmark and controls share the main content's centered alignment.
The hero keeps a 16:9 ratio; controls wrap on small windows. Only the selected
scene has an underline. Coordinates, timing and volume stay collapsed.
Desktop preferences are UI-only. The Windows app already bundles its videos;
no video-path settings are included.
Visual inspection is left to the user; no browser/desktop automation is used.
